-Which class are you in?
-Class C.
SECOND GRADE
We are in the same class again.
Amane, that's great!
I don't know if it's great...
but I do feel better being
in the same class with you.
What's going on?
Are you in your affectionate phase?
-You're the one who should be grateful.
-I totally overslept.
-In the same class as Chitose.
-My mother woke me up.
Just be happy.
Hey! School ends early...
-You're in a class with your crush!
-We have time for crepe today!
Mahiru.
Alright, if you don't mind me.
Let's go. I can't wait!
You are a strawberry kind of girl.
Good morning.
Hi, Yuta.
We're in the same class again.
Yeah.
Fujimiya, I'm glad to be
in the same class.
Uh-huh...
Me too...
Fujimiya, I'm glad to be
in the same class.
Me too!
Huh? What are you talking about?
You were never...
Fujimiya.
Sorry...
I was in a daze.
I'm glad too.
Amane.
You don't look so good.
Are you feeling under the weather?
No, not like that...
It's nothing really...
Please don't worry.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I was thinking your hair
would be nice to stroke.
Can I...?
What's gotten into you?
Go ahead if you want to, I guess...
Really?
Well...
Lie down.
Please place your head here
for easier access.
No...
Do you have something against my lap?
What would you do
If I did something inappropriate?
Then I'll get up
and put you in your place.
I am so sorry.
But I don't think you're going to do that.
You don't have that guts or energy.
If you are in low spirits,
just let me stroke your hair all I want.
I think it's easier for me to stroke
your hair if you stay put.
I think she's caring for me.
Anyway...
a girl allowed you to lay on her lap,
and you haven't said a word about it.
Don't you think
it's inappropriate for you, as a man?
Hey, you...
Chitose told me,
if you let a boy sleep on your lap,
it'll satisfy his desire
and regenerate his energy.
I think it's great,
but don't do that to anyone casually.
This is my first time doing so.
How could you say so?
Anyway, I just wanted to stroke you.
You just have to enjoy it.
I see.
Exactly.
Amane, what do you think
of your class this year?
I didn't think we'd be in the same class.
It was fun seeing
the look of surprise on your face.
Of course, I was surprised.
And we have to be careful.
Careful?
I can't just drop by and talk to you
or act like we're close.
Because we have to keep our distance.
What's wrong?
No, nothing.
I get it in theory.
But my heart said otherwise.
What?
I'll just accept the status quo for now.
What do you mean by "for now"?
Whatever, thank you.
When we're at home,
can we behave as usual?
Of course.
If we want to behave as usual,
then maybe I shouldn't lay on your lap...
This doesn't count.
Looks like I'm going
to be a spoiled loser.
You look sleepy.
Don't worry. I'll wake you up.
Get some sleep.
How long did I sleep?
About an hour.
You have a cute sleeping face.
Don't stare at me.
You have no right to say that.
I keep letting you see me
with my guard down,
so why don't you let loose too?
You're the one who let loose...
Is this the mouth
that's talking nonsense?
Sorry.
I'll let you off the hook.
Dear me.
You look better now.
You can lean on me if you feel down,
just like when I leaned on you.
I will consider it.
I... I got it.
Excellent.
You are too pushy.
Girls are more or less pushy.
No one else will ever see me act this way,
and I won't do this to anyone else.
So there's no problem.
It's a big problem. Jeez.
You idiot.
Welcome back, Amane.
What is that?
I went to the amusement arcade.
These are the prizes.
So many.
What did you win back?
You'll see it later.
Oh, I'm starving.
Then please go wash your hands
and change your clothes.
I'll dish out the food.
Roger.
Don't you like the rabbit?
It's lovely.
That's good to hear.
Please stop smirking at me like that.
I'm not.
You are!
You're making fun of me
for being childish.
I'm not smiling because of that.
I just thought you were cute.
See, you're smirking.
I always feel like you're playing me.
It's all in your head.
I'll allow it for today.
I'm always the receiving end
of your kindness.
Your presents, care, the warm atmosphere
you create and so on.
It's nothing.
I only do those things because I want to.
You don't need to worry.
I want to give you something in return.
You are so stubborn.
If you care that much, then I'd be happy
to receive something from you.
I will give you anything I can give.
Anything...
Then could you make me some pudding
with lots of eggs?
Did you choose a cheap gift on purpose?
Don't be silly.
It's valuable because you make it.
I'll make it tomorrow.
A firm pudding with lots of eggs, right?
I'm going to make a delicious one.
So delicious...
It's a great honor to receive your praise.
You really can make anything!
I can make most dishes
because I was trained, after all.
As expected!
Thanks to you, I am very happy.
Happy?
Of course.
I can eat such delicious dishes every day.
How can I not be happy?
It's my daily joy.
Is that so?
I'm glad to hear it.
I can praise you as much as you want.
But maybe my compliments aren't enough.
I can give you more detailed opinions
If you want.
It's fine.
I'm going to die if you do so.
You are being dramatic.
Not at all!
Your compliments are enough.
Really?
But you'll still have to cook every day,
so I want to thank you properly.
Thank you for everything.
Mahiru?
You idiot!
I'll do it. You go sit on the sofa.
Okay?
Itsuki, Fujimiya.
You're going to the cafeteria, right?
Let's eat together.
I don't mind.
Itsuki, so it's settled then?
Why do you assume I won't say no?
Well, actually I won't say no.
Let's get going then!
All right. But...
isn't Yuta a bit too clingy to you?
I just think Fujimiya is nice,
so I just want to get along with him.
It's good that more people
recognize the virtues of Amane.
Come here.
Who do you think you are?
Kadowaki, may I ask you a question?
Are you sure you want to be my friend?
Nothing good will come out
of being friends with me.
You make friends
without having any ulterior motive, right?
I guess that is true.
Then it's fine.
Anyway, I'm talking to you
because I want to get to know you better.
How beautiful it is to have good friends.
Are you sulking?
Is it that obvious?
You don't look like you are happy.
I'm willing to apologize
if I did something wrong...
No. It's not your fault.
How do I put it... I am too narrow-minded.
If you were narrow-minded,
then most people's minds could
only be measured in millimeters.
I must have done something wrong.
No. You really haven't done anything.
But... it is related to you.
I'm confused.
If I'm the reason, I'm really...
You can't apologize
if you don't know the reason!
I'm the one who should apologize.
Why is that?
Because I am narrow-minded.
Fine.
If you are really narrow-minded,
then what are you so annoyed about?
I just... think it's unfair.
Unfair?
Kadowaki...
Kadowaki?
He's a boy,
so he gets to talk to you anytime.
Unlike him, I have to endure
my desire to talk to you.
Endure...
Akasawa, Chitose, and Kadowaki
get to be close to you,
but I'm left feeling lonely.
But if you think about it,
it's weird for Angel to suddenly
befriend an somber, sullen guy like me.
Why do you put yourself down like that?
I'm going to be angry.
I heard the three of you talking today.
I think you need to stop looking
down on yourself like that.
Because it can be insulting to those of us
who are friends with you.
Sorry.
No need to apologize so seriously.
I just want you to have
a little more confidence.
Why don't I just tell everyone
that you're a great person.
I'd be so embarrassed. Please don't.
I'll try to do it naturally.
Wait, doesn't that mean
you'll have to hang out with me at school?
I don't want to be the only one left out.
If I could, I'd like to be
with you like everyone else.
I am okay with it.
But if we suddenly get closer,
it'll look suspicious, right?
So can we just take it slow?
You can't just praise me deliberately.
Well, I'll just praise you
in private for now.
Next.
Please decide on the menu in groups.
I'm glad to be in the same group.
I'm glad too.
Why is she talking to Fujimiya?
Look at Amane with his bitter face.
You are the one who should be
held responsible for this...
Mahiru, join our group.
Itsuki, Amane, join us.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
No, you didn't do anything wrong.
One must accept one's fate.
You can regret befriending us.
I don't regret
becoming friends with you two.
Oh no. I am touched.
I get goosebumps when you're touched.
It's better to regret it a bit.
You are so cruel!
But I also like the way you talk so mean.
Gross.
I realized something anew,
you guys have such a good relationship.
I envy you so much.
Yeah.
Mahiru, do you want to join us?
Don't force Shiina to keep up with you.
It will cause trouble for her.
No, not at all.
See?
Chitose, don't get carried away.
Anyway, never mind that.
Let's decide on the menu.
You can't cook.
Are you really eligible to direct us?
You're rude. I know how to make an omelet.
Your omelets are practically
scrambled eggs.
Akasawa, do you know how to cook?
Me?
Well, my cooking skill
is good enough for survival.
In fact, Itsuki can do any housework.
I see.
It just makes me look like a loser.
-Did you just find that out?
I can't believe
you said that at the same time.
I think it's okay
if it isn't causing you trouble now.
N-No. I'll try harder.
I occasionally cook when I'm alone.
That's impressive.
CULINARY PRACTICE CLASSROOM
You don't know how to cook, right?
I told you I'm not totally ignorant.
I just can't meet
the standard of you-know-who.
I memorized the cooking steps
so I won't cause trouble.
How clever.
Shiina, do we need to cook this longer?
Yes...
Better boil it down a little more.
I see!
How do I put it?
You look like newlyweds...
Chitose, please prepare the miso soup.
Okay!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
So we're ready.
Well, then let's serve the food, and take
the pictures for the report before we eat.
Yes!
I am so hungry.
Itsuki, that's because
you didn't eat breakfast.
I couldn't help it. I overslept.
Can I have a big bowl?
No problem.
I'll get the salad from the fridge.
Please serve the rice first.
Then I'll go with you.
I'll have to get the almond tofu.
Okay.
What are you doing? It's overcooked.
Shut up!
It's good when it's overcooked.
What?
I'll show you.
Shiina, did you get hurt?
No, it didn't spill on me.
Did it spill on you?
I'm fine. Sorry.
Don't apologize. It's okay.
It didn't spill on me or Shiina.
Look.
It doesn't matter if you want
to fool around in the classroom,
but don't mess around
in a room with fire and knives.
Fortunately, no one was hurt this time.
But what if a girl get hurt?
Can you take responsibility?
S... Sorry.
Just be careful, anyway.
It's dangerous.
Why am I being punished too...?
Sorry...
Welcome back.
I readied the three-color rice bowl.
Thank you.
I'm suddenly so tired.
You looked cool,
and it's rare to see you act that bold.
It's not like I wanted to touch her.
I had no choice. Otherwise, the soup
would've spilled on Shiina.
You had no choice?
I think you've done me a great favor.
Thank you so much for pulling me in.
Well...
I'll try to get close
to you at school too.
Let me know if you have any problems.
No problem so far.
I just feel the envy of others.
I see.
After all, I know you get lonely easily,
and it's not nice to leave a friend out.
Friend...
No, nothing.
Do you think you can just solve
all the problems by stroking my head?
No. I just thought you'd be happy.
Yes, I am...
But you can't do that to anyone
when you want to play it off.
I don't do that to anyone but you.
You idiot!
Why do you call me an idiot?
How hard do I have to try?
I don't know what you're talking about...
But pushing yourself only makes you tired,
so just try to go easy.
If I don't try hard,
I won't get anywhere.
So what do you want me to do?
Please start with the head stroking.
NEXT EPISODE